you
Oh watch wasn't that great Oh Vamsi I
was born in gray Joe China I started
dancing when I was 11 so it's been 30
years now maybe it's all about having a
predestined affinity I've liked dancing
ever since I was young I tested into the
dance department of the means University
of China and worked and taught there
later I went to Taiwan and started a
school there among my classmates in
China
no one is still dancing I'm the only one
left I think it's just a kind of love a
kind of special passion for dance that
has kept me going until now I never left
this career even once the path of a
dancer is actually very difficult
throughout the entire process every day
you're always training always stretching
always jumping many people think what we
have to go through physically very
arduous but for me it's actually very
fulfilling when I hear the audience
feedback in the audience applause that's
what I feel most satisfied
I started competing when I was 16 and
I've kept going until my 30s I attended
many dance competitions in China Taiwan
and Japan and won awards and all of them
at the time I felt like artistically I'd
already made it to the peak but
afterwards I came to New York and
participated in new Tong dynasty
televisions first international
classical Chinese dance competition in
won gold prize I was fortunate enough to
be invited to join Shannon Performing
Arts and with my family members support
started working in New York to me this
was a major turning point I felt that
artistically this was an even higher
pursuit in my childhood I grew up in the
environment of the end of the Cultural
Revolution at that time in China all
culture and art was reserved for the
purpose of politics it was all about
singing the praise of the Communist
Party everything that was produced was
to express things like class struggling
people fighting each other left and
right all of China's traditional good
and beautiful things things like justice
and sincerity these were all destroyed
it's like in today's China there's no
sincerity there people don't trust each
other anymore now it's about pursuing
trends use some classical dance a modern
dance some contemporary dance moves and
jumble them all together into kind of
hodgepodge because there's no inner
meaning anymore they just use some
lighting and some sound effects to try
to create this atmosphere inside it's
filled with vulgar things and it's
already completely departed from China's
5,000 years of culture so actually in
China today you can no longer see
traditional artistic performances of
real significance
I know that in China they're actually a
lot of extremely talented classical
dancers but the choreographers can
choreograph any traditional or
outstanding pieces for them to perform
so what they dance now are these very
distorted things but Shannon is
different
seongcheol Shen Yoon is making every
effort to bring back the traditions to
bring back the most authentic and the
most beautiful part of Chinese culture
through classical Chinese dance that is
our mission and that is what we want to
promote for example the story of USA's
mother tattooing for Chinese characters
on her son's back reminding him to be
loyal to his country
the story of splitting the mountain
talks about caring for parents the story
of Wu's song is about helping others
these are the messages we want to
deliver we want to bring out the
goodness in people
besides classical Chinese dance with
Shin Yoon we also have ethnic and folk
dances dances from different ethnic
groups in different regions of China
because these originated from folk
traditions and it's a kind of very pure
and simple style it's not polluted by
contemporary dance styles for us we just
want to show the purest and the most
beautiful things
in five thousand years of Chinese
culture there are just so many stories
but to find one that can be used on
stage is actually quite difficult it's
not like with a play where actors can
say lines you can change the set many
times in dance you have five to six
minutes to tell a story it has to be
very condensed concise and make the
point clearly so the audience can
understand this isn't an easy thing to
do every year we need new ideas and this
is the biggest challenge each year when
there's a new idea all the
choreographers will give helpful
pointers we put our minds together the
composer's are also very cooperative we
discuss together to make the piece even
better
this is a very large group we have live
orchestral accompaniment in a very
professional production crew the most
unique part is that genuine provides
artists who pursue traditional art forms
a greater space to develop their talents
this is a world-class stage when I
compared to the performance as I joined
in the past those were all in a smaller
scale and were limited to various
regions performing around the world like
this was pretty rare this is the real
Chinese this in country over us a
kendama beaucoup
I'm Casey and I'm Casey
one year later Kunstler it's just a
pleasure
mo making me cry budgeted puffle Devon a
question typically my music masters but
they were sound corny not that the words
that was just very moving I was crying
my wife was crying yeah it was just
something that just got us in our hearts
something very special
you can clean omission he quite quite a
dump there's a lot yeah
saying the genuine performances
regularly move our audience members to
tears
in most performances that's impossible
it's one of a kind that is why for me
this is an extremely special experience
in the past it was just about pleasing
the audience now I think more about how
to communicate with them how to have a
heart-to-heart exchange
that page you put in a total effort for
every performance sometimes when we
finish a dance number we're so tired we
can't even stand up but still we think
it's worth the effort
no one has ever complained I feel this
is our pursuit of art the pursuit of
perfection
on tour we have been to many places many
many countries and cities
I found that in the world there are many
places where people in nature and
harmony with each other for example in
Australia we went bird feeding and the
birds just rested on our hands
things that your natural and harmonious
environment really puts you in a good
mood
they're a group of very pure and very
adorable young people just full of
energy so I feel these past few years
had become younger too my heart is
becoming younger